It is challenging to produce a large scale geologic map in Taiwan, because the dense vegetation and steep terrain in mountainous areas cause the data that can be obtained in the field is limited. Recently, airborne LiDAR-derived DEM has filtered out the vegetation covering the ground surface and exhibited bare terrain, so it has been widely used in the fault identification, landslide characterization, and geologic mapping. Previous studies have proved that high-resolution DEM has potential to improve geologic maps in sedimentary terrain and low-grade metamorphism area by interpreting geomorphic features of beddings and fault traces. This study takes the Yuli geologic map in the Coastal Range, easter Taiwan, for example to further discuss whether the ew mapping method is suitable for the igneous and sedimentary rock terrain, and to investigate structures in the middle section of the Coastal Range. The stratigraphic units in the study area mainly include Miocene igneous rock: Tuluanshan Formation, and Pliocene to early Pleistocene sedimentary rock: Fanshuliao Formation and Paliwan Formation. The mapping process is divided into four steps. First, input DEM into ArcGIS Pro, and derive hillshade and slope layer. Second, observe the terrain with different view direction and scale, and identify beddings, boundaries and fault traces. Third, calculate attitude of bedding and fault plane. Last, integrate the data and redraw the geologic map in the study area. Through steps above, this study successfully produced a 1:50000 Yuli geologic map in the Coastal Range and three geologic profiles. The results showed that in both igneous rock and sedimentary rock, by tracing differential erosion terrain, bedding traces and boundaries could be thoroughly identified, and more strike and dip data could be obtained. Besides, some new structures were explored in DEM. For example, the shear zone and the fault in Tuluanshan Formation: Wantan Shear Zone and Sanjianwushan Fault, the deep-seated gravitational slope deformation along the western edge of the Coastal Range: Majulanshan-Shihkungshan Normal Fault System, high angle reverse faults between igneous and sedimentary formation: Loho Fault and Changbin Fault, and the monocline in Tuluanshan Formation along Huatung Mountain. By using high resolution DEM, the limitation of traditional geologic mapping is concurred; moreover, the geologic information in the map is complement in igneous and sedimentary terrain. It is anticipated that the mapping result in this research will be capable to act as renovated application for geology studies and engineering purposes.